docs: reorder sdk docs (#1173)
ory/docs: docs/sdk.mdx

Before using the SDK, it is recommended to consult the [Ory REST API](./reference/api) documentation, which includes code samples
and examples for various programming languages.

---

Ory publishes SDKs for popular languages in their respective package repositories:

- [Dart](https://pub.dev/packages/ory_client)
- [.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Ory.Client/)
- [Go](https://github.com/ory/client-go)
- [Java](https://search.maven.org/artifact/sh.ory/ory-client)
- [JavaScript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ory/client) with TypeScript definitions and compatible with: Node.js, React.js,
  Angular, Vue.js, and many more.
- [PHP](https://packagist.org/packages/ory/client)
- [Python](https://pypi.org/project/ory-client/)
- [Ruby](https://rubygems.org/gems/ory-client)
- [Rust](https://crates.io/crates/ory-client)

---

:::info Source Code

To view the source code for the generated Ory SDKs, visit the GitHub repository:
[Generated SDKs for Ory](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/client)

Missing your programming language?  
[Create an issue](https://github.com/ory/sdk/issues) and help the Ory team build, test and publish the SDK for your programming
language!

:::

> :::caution old sdks
> 
> [`hydra-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/hydra),
> [`kratos-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/kratos), and
> [`keto-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/keto) SDKs are no longer actively maintained.  
> Read the [Ory SDK upgrade guide](https://www.ory.sh/docs/guides/upgrade/sdk-v1) to learn more.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: I think we'll keep these SDKs around for a while

```suggestion
:::caution Self-hosted SDKs

Ory releases SDKs which can more easily be used when self-hosting Ory software. These SDKs follow the open source release schedule. These SDKs are available for [`hydra-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/hydra),
[`kratos-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/kratos), and
[`keto-client`](https://github.com/ory/sdk/tree/master/clients/keto).

:::
```

Author: So it is recommended to use the "old" sdk when selfhosting? 

bc earlier it says

>It (the Ory "client" SDK) works with Ory Network and when self-hosting Ory services.

Reviewer: It's a bit ambigous. Both SDKs work with both systems. But the ory client SDK follows the release steps of the Ory Network, and the other SDKs follow the release steps of the self-hosted stuff. That's the difference. So if you use ory client v1.2.3 then you don't know what version of Ory Kratos that is compatible with, for example.

Author: Gotcha, 
then I would definitely recommend to use the kratos-client etc. SDK when selfhosting
and you have to use client for Ory Network (pointing out the difference)
and have a dedicated SDK page for kratos etc. in the selfhosting reference section.

putting this back in draft state until I have done the above and ask for review again in a bit.
